           These are the recollections
          of that which is so far gone.
//最古 saiko, oldest, is also readable as Psychopath. Oldest memories, a psychopath's memories: first line of the story spoils one of the two plot twists of the simplest interpretative layer. See CCA0030 for one of the clearest tells of this. -GHS
       The date alone vague and indistinct,
    laying at the heart of a dim distant haze.
//See CCD0023. The day of the week is also difficult to tell. -GHS
               A grandiose bedroom,
          draped in aristocratic grace.
//For the Aristocrat of Love? Possibly where his nickname comes from anyway. -GHS
        Inside there were a canopied bed
          and a chair of European make.
       But sitting on the floor was always
               what I preferred.
          Especially on days like this.
//This is never really clarified. This can't be the era when he was with Youko in that crap bedroom. Not that it changes anything if she is, like this scene strongly suggests, nothing but Taichi in drag. -GHS
          The starry heavens are a dark
         curtain visible from the window,
//I think this sentence is what the Pink Floyd-esque piece that's playing at this point ("Starry Heavens") refers to. -GHS
       a scattering of twinkles cut off by
      the frame that absconds with my sight.
     In the glass that segregates the outside
       world from the interior of the room,
           the reflection of my shape.
//Trying to avoid pronouns due to 乙 girl, erm, 己 self, but it just sounds off. It's easiest to see CCD2002 why it should be like that. Segregating is important; like the mountains with the Kamisaka city, Taichi's reflection is here held forever separated by a glass. 1 Corinthians 13:12 seems appropriate given the distorted reflection that the glass necessarily must give of Taichi. A distorted reflection that is just what we see throughout the story, if we only go with his very problematic eyes. -GHS
   A young lady kept secluded from the world---
//He's already chuunin'. -GHS
      A maiden with the appearance of grace,
       the skin clothed in a Western dress.
        You... who could you possibly be?

[Girl]
"...Taichi."
//He asks the girl in the window (himself) who she is... and Youko (confirmed by voice file) answers that's Taichi. There's no need for the girl in the window and Youko to be separated, especially since their history together does not put Youko with him in this room at all. -GHS
