     It was the Broadcast Club Training Camp.
//HACK NVL mode -GHS
    Among us the freshmen are being promoted,
    while the happy third years are retiring.
//Hum. Japan school year starts in Spring, and there isn't much to say that Gunjou is any different. Taichi is halfway through second year by the Camp scene, so I can't make this make much sense outside of really blatant trolling. Unless he's actually a delayed First Year, it's the norm at Gunjou. Same for the third years: Misato (and Youko FWIW) should be dropping club to focus on graduation and university entrance exams. There's never been mention of there ever having been any member in the Broadcast Club outside of the eight except for Miyuki. See CCC3004. -GHS
           New freshmen have joined.
        A fresh line-up of seven faces.
         But actually there were eight.
     7/8, well, we should be OK, I thought.
Her... after all, she'll turn up quick if called.
          For this gathering of seven,
        there was no cheap price to pay.
       That is, it was already an uproar.
      One of the causes was how there was
       no teaching staff participating.
         Because these club activities
          are intended to be private,
    a mischief kept away from the Institute.
         If this was turned public, it
         would become quite the uproar.
         But I thought we'd be alright.
                   .........
     Finally, the Training Camp is ending.
    Seven people reached the way of return.
//HACK back to ADV mode -GHS
En route, the day grew darker.
There was this feeling of having walked for horribly long hours.
A countless number of hours.
//6.5 isn't "countless", though since Taichi never reaches that answer, nor cares... -GHS
On a path that ordinarily never takes more than an hour.
Was it fatigue?
No one said even one word.
The sound of seven pairs of footsteps was the entire world.
An unnaturally quiet mountain trail.
Not even the sound of insects reaches the ears.
//Should it be there? Shouldn't it? Who knows! Welcome to troll. -GHS
A chilling sensation made by the mood alone,
when however it is Summer.
Because I could see, even if it was dark.
Because I could see the way.
For a long time now I have been capable of seeing through the dark.
//Of course, all three are intended laterally. -GHS
At the time when thoughts turned to wondering if we had gone the wrong way, we turned up in town.
//HACK NVL Mode -GHS
HACK slower fade -GHS
               Mankind had fallen.
//Literally it's closer to extinction, but it follows in the sense of downfall, of a clan a family etc. - the sense is pretty much that of the actual Fall of Mankind. Curiously, 人類は滅亡しました (jinrui wa metsubou shimsashita) googles to Jintai. No autocorrections or "did you mean", googl that with quotes around it and it literally googles to Jintai, big banner on the right about the series included. -GHS
