On waking up, noon had passed.

[Taichi]
"..."

My head feels lightweight.
I could feel something strange in the air.
I absolutely cannot feel the temperature.
It's not hot and it's not cold. I can't even say it's pleasant.
It's--- not.
It's a world as thin as if it were Imaginary.
It seems that, segregated by this one layer of skin, the Nothing is spreading without end.
Neither Truth nor Fiction, where Art resides.
Those words float up and then disappeared.
Possibly it's the Dream of a Butterfly, then.

[Taichi]
"..."

And still, it seems I'm forgetting something.
The awareness that had flown to the surroundings returns, back to its place in the brain.
I don't feel exactly refreshed. Simply put, I overslept.
Standing in front of the house, I pass my gaze on the surroundings.
There is nothing odd,
just that the air, it's,
as if filling with soundlessness, a silence that rang in the ears.

[Taichi]
"That's right... I..."

Club, yes, the club!
I overslept?
But... what's with this uproar in my chest?
I feel suffocated.
And in the end, was it just something psychological?
...no.
This is just odd, isn't it?
The world's... odd, isn't it?
I call my own perception to blame.
I ought run away.
But even if I did, I instinctively accepts that I have no place to escape to.
That instant, twilight buried the heavens.
This situation is abnormal.
I felt fear in the spinal cord.
//Lit. "my spinal cord feared it." This needed an edit pass. -GHS
Motor skills atrophy, and suddenly, in an instant, while still unable to do anything,
feeling that my self was becoming thin, I panicked.

[Taichi]
"Ahhh, that's right, here is..."

With nothing gained and nothing lost, with nothing more and nothing less than that, I created a new world just for myself.
Within hours not perceivable, all phenomenally dissolved---
Translator's Note: this script had no video or audio commands associated with it. It appears to be a bad ending, perhaps if failing to go down either the Touko or Misato routes in Week 2 - Downfall and Purification. This is no longer possible in the final version.
Because it will be possible to go to the hokora any time after the second loop, this scene would serve as foreshadowing for the time loop, becoming completely irrelevant should the reader pick Kiri's route next.
The script itself presents multiple possible hints that this is at least technically in Taichi's head.
