Crossing over a fair number of hills, I reach the shopping street.
Not the shadow of a person.
The Tasaki Store is in sight.

[Taichi]
"..."

I peek inside the store holding some kind of expectation.
Yet, I could feel not even the breath of someone in there.

[Taichi]
"...unmanned?"

Tasaki Groceries had been repeatedly left unmanned recently.
The shopkeeper of this local-contact shop is a Tasaki Goichirou (age 47, single), unrivaled railway enthusiast.
He must've casually opened the store, then trundled off to some faraway place to take pictures of their local train line.
Occasionally he did flaunt one of his photos at me, but that didn't seem really interesting.
For this boy right now, fantasies to be entertained on trains are a product out of stock.
A shop open even with shopkeeper absent.
A clerk-less store that smells of profligacy.
When he was in his 20s, his failure to find employment in the Japan Railways abased him into a delayed life of delinquency (a folly that continued until he was in his 30s), but sometime after the death of his parents, his face changed into one of abundance, its harshness lost.
Something outside the inheritance has changed someone who's more of a member of a biker gang than a railway fanatic into a nice guy, perhaps.
Anyway, the store owned by this man with more than enough cash underhand is one of those very rare, local-contact type stores that allows an unlimited tab for those who live around it.
Therefore, there being nobody in here is no rare sight.
Speaking of which, my throat is a bit parched.
I go into the depths of the store, and take out one bottle of green tea.
Taking out a notebook, I make the pen run.
//Same, notes don't seem provided. -GHS
                           9/7
                      Green King Tea
                           130￥
                      Kurosu Taichi
I stick the note to the wall.
Looking closer, there are several of these memos are up already.
                      9/3
        Vegetable Juice Health Pandemonium
                      110￥
                 Yamanobe Miki
                      9/3
                  Magnum Lychee
                      110￥
                Sakuraba Hiroshi
                Pungently peppery
                      9/4
             Bottle of Natural Water
                      140￥
                Miyasumi Misato
                      9/5
        Vegetable Juice Health Pandemonium
                      110￥
                 Yamanobe Miki
                      9/5
                  King Dodoria
                      110￥
                 Sakuraba Hiroshi
               It was not that good
                      9/6
        Vegetable Juice Health Pandemonium
                      110￥
                 Yamanobe Miki
                      9/6
                Inspector Pepper
                      110￥
                  Sakura Kiri
//Notice something missing? The pattern's already changed. Now Miki's tab is 330 yen, which boils down to 6... or, since she just bought 1 less thing, 7. -GHS
Seems we came here several times to buy things during the Training Camp.

[Taichi]
"..."

When we returned from the Camp, there was already no one in the town.
//I suspect the events are actually seen in CCZAS, or at least, part of it is combined there. -GHS
TV, radio... all media silenced. Electricity, running water, all public services had stopped.
All of us simply paralyzed.
It shelved the exchange of depressing sentiments that was there just moments before.
We were tired, without even the strength to discuss things.
We parted with all conclusions left pending.
And then today.
A new school term.
I was trying to attend as normal.
I open the door.
The presence of a blockade of a person overflows and smoothly brush my cheeks.
In a seat in the row next to the window,
there sat a girl, with her elbow on the table, sends a single peeking glance my way.
Beautiful long hair.
A systematicness that speaks of insecurity, maintained through a care at the limits of neurosis.
It's obvious when seen up close.
In the management of this impregnable fortress, not one fray, not one single split end can be allowed.
Hers is a hair that with the lightest of touches sinks and slides through the fingers as if sand.
The first time we met, she was clad in an impenetrable armor.
A mood of difficult approachability that turned into helmet and armor unseen.
A variety of reasons, of course.
What we have here, at Gunjou Institute,
are clamorously wild classmates,
and corpse-like classmates.
Hollow boys and empty girls that cannot see but
their own world.
//COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOugh, he gasped. -GHS
The ones who can even establish the most basic
and upfront of conversations are but a handful.
//See CCA0011C -GHS
Standing here and there, entertaining no emotions,
the guards.
The world of this classroom is a wild, ferociously
manic caricature.
//Or agriothymic, but, obsolete words. -GHS
It's a horrifying view of the world, that
resembles a wind-up toy's as released into
a mountain of corpses.
With a Conformity Coefficient of 46, for Kirihara Touko to live in that midst, defending the remaining 54% is a necessity.
//46+54=100 I AM ON TO SOMETHING I JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT -GHS
A preservation of self-consciousness maintained through the alienation from others.
In that sense, the selection she made shortly after enrollment was correct.
//That of refusing the world. -GHS
The Touko of now so resembles herself in those early days.
Affectation, bluffing, conceitedness.
Those were all the words that could be said about the personality that is Kirihara Touko.

[Taichi]
"Ehhh, you came."

[Touko]
"..."

Her eyesight is thrown to outside of the window,
with a timing that is hypocritically false.
Full to the brim with a desire to ignore.
//Intentional desire to act all tsun-tsun, rather than simply ignoring to protect herself. -GHS
CSQ 0 1 1
 - Go to the rooftop
 - Talk to Touko
