
[Taichi]
"Whew."
//HACK flashback exit whiteout -GHS
HACK different fade in due to above. -GHS
HACK ADV mode, to restore it from the previous script (looks bad if it's done before) -GHS

On the table was laid a memo.
                 『There's dinner perhaps』

[Taichi]
"Weeee, I'm coming I'm comiiing!"

I don't need to make it myself then.
I changed my clothes in three minutes then cheerfully headed towards her house.
'Twas a most pleasingly delicious dinner.
I ignite a candle.
A very peculiar radiance illuminates the room.
I loved candles.
Their raw flame captivated me so strongly.
When I looked at the flickering flame swaying so absentmindedly, my heart was enraptured and I could just doze off endlessly, endlessly.
Once, I even singed my bangs in it because of that.
OK, that was like three minutes ago.

[Taichi]
"...singed... dammit."

It's to cry.
Anyway, to the diary.
I open the thick diary book.
//HACK dim BG -GHS
The records of life are really precious.
I went to school.
I believed that everyone would come, even if there were no people. Expectably, there were no classes held or anything, so I just hung out.
Touko was extremely crabby and mean.
She doesn't understand the situation, and seems all grumpy-grump and irritated.
//HACK Misato rooftop pic -GHS
On the rooftop, Mimi-senpai was having activities.
She was putting together the antenna that had been abandoned there.
That's not a simple assembly we're talking about here.
It's really hard work.
But that hard work is Senpai's salvation.
//HACK BG with Miki pic. -GHS
I was walking down the corridor to find Miki cleaning.
Is cleaning to Miki what club is to Senpai, I wonder?
//See CCB0007. She has read this line. -GHS
I don't know.
Has the desperate situation that is the Fall of Mankind awakened her somehow?
Miki at last gained one point over me.
This is a most alarming problem, Headmaster!
However, a pupil growing in skill is something to be honestly happy about.
The day when she surpasses I, her mentor, grows near.
//HACK disarm new stuff -GHS
HACK also move the music fadeout earlier -GHS
And lots of other stuff happened, so overall it was a good day.
//HACK assuming it was copypastad from an earlier version of the script -GHS
