As it always is, Mutsumi-obasan is nowhere to be seen.
//HACK better flashback exit -GHS
That's obvious,
because she has died.
No, wait, has she actually died?
The theory that the whole of mankind is playing hide-and-seek still survives.
//See CCC0020. Interesting he'd agree with Sakuraba. See CCD1001: he will again. And the theory not only survives but thrives, or rather, given the setting of psychological and physical isolation, actively festers. -GHS
"Didn't your brain split nice and clean now?", is how worthless that theory is if I think about it, but I have no grounds to make a competing hypothesis.
//See CCA0002. I don't either. Neither the religious nor intrapsychical explanations are actually competing hypotheses. -GHS
A game of hide-and-seek in which manufacture, energy production, and information services are abandoned means mankind's gotta have snapped as well.
Fallen, it's fallen I can say all day, but fact is that it's just a case of disappearance.
Regardless, gentle Mutsumi-obasan does not turn up.
Damn if I just can't feel that flavor of family in this house.
It was thin and sparse from the start, but now it's all entirely damnably gone.
I peek in the laundry room.
In a washtub filled to the brim with water, tomatoes, three, were floating.
//See CCB0023, must be the washtub he asked for. -GHS

[Taichi]
"Tomatoes, ain't they."

I was surprised.
I didn't put them there.
//This should be Tomoki. See CCC3012B, Sakuraba expects them. Of course, he never did this before... and Tomoki shouldn't come in this early either. It's never even hinted who puts them there; in fact, it may well be Mutsumi herself. -GHS
I promptly eat.
//EWWWW vegetmbales. -GHS
They're fresh tomatoes.
//Term GISs overwhelmingly to red tomatoes. Didn't he have a problem with that color...? Perhaps that's the point. -GHS
The dense fruit crushes juicily inside the mouth.
Delicious enough to want to suck on the cheeks.
Regardless, there's nothing to eat at home.
Mutsumi-san would always buy and bring something ready-made on the way back from the company.
//However, she rarely comes home since she often sleeps in the dormitory. The rest of the times he just orders takeout. This is a lie by omission. -GHS
With opportunities for cooking therefore rare, there is no reserve of ingredients.
But come to think of it, it feels as if there's potatoes...
//It's as if he's no more forgotten this pre-loop thing than he'd forgotten Yutaka. -GHS
Looking on top of the table, there was a note set there.
            『There may be no absence of dinner.』
Youko-chan then.
Trying to lure me in, using food as bait.
Veeery obviously too.
If I think calmly I will understand whether I should fall for that trick.

[Taichi]
"I'm going out!"
//Literal truth laterally said, inexplicable tomatoes, possibly no reaction to red, remembering something he shouldn't know, lies by omission, and now an obvious contradiction. The subtle subtle weirdness continues. -GHS

I had decided to go.
I ignite the wick of a candle.
I write the diary.
I write thoroughly, diligently.
For the sake of next week---
