Piece by piece I gathered this Broadcast Club
//HACK tweaked so screen restores then whitens. Still looks surprisingly good. -GHS
on the verge of downfall, until I had attained
a Training Camp.
There were an awful lot of hardship.
The official member roll of the Broadcast Club
is, at this point in time:
Hasekura Youko,
//Odd she's first. The members are not listed in an order I get (that includes the Japanese alphabetic one, after all KUrosu would go next to KIrihara). -GHS
Miyasumi Misato,
Kurosu Taichi,
Sakuraba Hiroshi,
Shima Tomoki,
Kirihara Touko,
Yamanobe Miki,
Sakura Kiri.
Eight people total.
And these eight... had a severance of
relations at a stage prior to the Camp.
First, Youko-Chan has no interest in other people,
therefore she did not participate to activities.
Sakuraba has a vagabondist nature, so there was
no him coming to activities on a regular basis.
//Wanderlust for some reason reminds me of a vagrant rapist. Japanese is a bad influence, but so is German. -GHS
Shima was in the midst of a cold war with
Mimi-senpai, raised by some quarrel.
//One of the odd times he calls him by last name. -GHS
Touko was in the midst of a cold war with me.
Miki was fortunately sociable, at least, but she
was separated from us the distance that is her
Tagging Along with Kiri Club.
//I'll spare the 'segregate' for this once, but that's the implied meaning. -GHS
Kiri really hates me.
And I myself, for this or that reason, had
been cutting.
Mimi-senpai seemed to be straightening up all
sorts of various processes, all alone.
//HACK NEW LINES! Yay. -GHS
And that figure of hers, acting that way, was
something I saw often.
She didn't say one thing to us, who gathered
in large numbers in that club room.
//These new lines are pretty damn important. First, it was Misato (Taichi's muse, the angel) looking saddened at what was happening that pushed him to the Camp. Odd they still gathered in the room after the falling out... more odder giving that Misato hates more people in the club. (Or does she now? It's a dilemma, after all.) -GHS
And that taciturnity may, just perhaps, have
turned some emotion upside down.
There was a time when something moved inside
of me.
Inside my heart it may have been, but I can't
explain this well.
//This is another running gag at this point in writing. Whether it means "I'm too lazy/uninspired to write this down" or "it's actually God's Influence" is harder to tell. In more ways than one. -GHS
In my opinion, the limit was close to being
reached, I think.
//This is strong evidence that he is about to explode, and in the same sense as Miyuki. And the trigger seems to be the distance of someone he likes, much like what caused him to rush to the rescue of Youko (the fool). -GHS
Suppose I were to be able to gain a something
blessed by happiness,
I would've been able to commit it to memory for
all life, as a vision.
//See CCZAS: this is a (reductive) explanation of the ending, in that he's living in a fantasy world of his imagination where everyone lives happily. And very possibly is already there, imagining everyone, having the same tension and resolution with them over and over as he randomly takes the reset, having long gone mad. I insist this is a troll: it ultimately contradicts the religious meaning of this all. It's just not an unwarranted conclusion to make, as it being a troll means it's intentionally written to mislead in that direction. -GHS
For I have a memory that movie-like. I do.
//Look at how blatant it is! This is screaming that readers ought look at his memories (and in fact, at all he does) with the expectation that parts - perhaps large - are in fact memory leaks from his past. -GHS
Regardless.
//End new lines. -GHS
I roused myself, and gathered everyone.
With more or less coercive ways.
I used similar ways for last year's beach
outing as well.
If I drag them out once, then they are all mine.
//Also "once I drag them out", but given the context, "if it worked once it'll always work" is more relevant. And purely delusional. -GHS
And it all led to the daring establishment of the
Mandatory Annual Summer Training Camp.
//Since this is the first time (though some stuff about the survival games is suspicious), it's just a self-mockery of a name. -GHS
...it was a debacle.
It was something done in secret from the
teaching staff, but...
//HACK ADV mode -GHS

[Tomoki]
『...it's all Aneki's fault!』

[Kiri]
『This is unpleasant.』

[Miki]
『...stooop it, no fightiiing!』

[Taichi]
『but-, but-, this isn't about deceiving nor about being deceived!』

[Touko]
『But you deceived did you!』

[Misato]
『I told you... it would not be nice... with all of us.』
//HACK NVL mode. Yes, it's darkened this time. -GHS

The frictions of dispute.
//Yaaay 揉 once more used literally in the OTHER sense! -GHS
There was nothing accomplished.
These human relationships remained as that.
Rather, they were made as distinct as in a relief.
And then the Training Camp home of sorrow and
agony ended.
Several days we passed with reciprocal
words absent.
Conversation was still possible in single
encounters apart from the rest,
but when multiple, estranged human relationships
overlapped, the atmosphere was terrible.
This time, I had borrowed Mimi-senpai's strength.
Because of this, what I lost went as far as
Senpai's trust.
What does Senpai even think of me?
//See CCA0006 -GHS
Of what I've done, of what I've done to her?
//HACK new line -GHS
Seven people reached the way of return.
I did not not want to see them.
This exhaustion, this weariness, this averting
of gazes that are never let cross.
Those faces of people strangers to each other.
So I moved on ahead.
I walked at a quick pace.
//HACK fade/return. This is still in NVL. -GHS
En route, the day grew darker.
There was this feeling of having walked for
horribly long hours.
A countless number of hours.
On a path that ordinarily never takes more
than an hour.
Was it fatigue?
No one said even one word.
The sound of seven pairs of footsteps was
the entire world.
An unnaturally quiet mountain trail.
Not even the sound of insects reaches the ears.
A chilling sensation made by the mood alone,
when however it is Summer.
//HACK ADV mode -GHS
That instant,
the world shook and blurred.
//ぶれたよう -GHS
It was the same scene, but there was the feeling of it being seen from the wrong side.
//Leaving it as 'wrong', though of course it works in both ways. The oddity is that he's nowhere near the hokora... is he? And see CCD0023: where is his *choice* of seeing this different world? This description is as if he just walks into it! -GHS
I came to a halt once.
Should I advance on, should I not?
But I went on.

[Misato]
"Peke-kuuun...!"

Senpai's voice began chasing me from the back.
//With the new line below, it's now obvious it's her voice that causes him to look back and 'involve' everyone in there. Just like his voice called him out from the Emo Darkness he was at the start. Or are the two events even separate at all? -GHS
But I went on.
I fled towards what was ahead.
If I had Taken a Better Look at that time,
//Reviewed, revised, reflected, switched back his eyes... -GHS
or perhaps if I had never come to a stop,
if I hadn't come to a stop and looked back---
//HACK new line. This just brings it in line with CCD0023. -GHS
I was thinking about whether we could have ended up on the correct path without making any mistake.
//Nice mess this one... -GHS
