Touko's house is huge.
So enormously huge that it intercepts the sunlight, and I can't see anything besides silhouetted darkness.
//Hmmm... -GHS
I have sharp night eyes, but for some reason I absolutely can't see.
//According to CCC4015, it's just the inside that's this dark. And us readers can see perfectly fine, can't we? And he used the exact kanji for "darkness" that, in CCX0001, says he can see through. What's perplexing is only the level of blatancy in this troll. -GHS
In the present, where humanity has vanished, an inexplicable phenomenon of this level isn't worth paying attention to.
//I suspect Tanaka was just trying to see how much troll he could get away with by simply stating "don't worry about it" right afterwards. Since everyone seems worried about the origins of the loop or the nature of the parallel world, and no one seems to question Taichi's beat-you-over-the-head preposterous explanation of his night vision or whatever's going on here, it seems the answer is clear. -GHS
I go inside.
Naturally, there is a suit of armor inside.
...or so I sort of guess, because it's pitch-black darkness due to the windows being firmly shut.
//See CCD1001. So is Misato's house. How odd. -GHS
With things like this, no matter how sharp my night vision, I can't be certain of what I see.
//The experiment extends afterwards, too. Theory: he's not outside of school, he's not seeing anything because there's nothing to see, Touko's not dead but in the infirmary passed out due to lack of food, Taichi's hallucinating everything including her death... and also it avoids having to have BGs of the inside of the mansion, so there's a tech troll as well. See CCC3018, end. -GHS
I wander through the residence.
It was like a maze.
Where could Touko's room even be.
//Why, exactly where he knows it is, since he's come here before! Ah, right, he doesn't remember yet, see see CCC4015 when he will. Troll troll. -GHS
Second floor maybe?
I climb the staircase.
This is the kind of a mansion where you'd just see some zombies popping out, isn't it.
//As long as it's not Chris's blood, we'll be safe. See CCB2010. -GHS

[Taichi]
"TOUKOOO!"

No response.
The mansion's luxurious runner carpets completely absorb my voice.
//How does he see them??? -GHS
I go check the rooms one by one.
What a pain.
...it'd have been better if I had come with Youko-chan.
So, I open one of the countless doors there.
//Just at random, and boom, got it? This is too blatant to be a plot hole. -GHS
Light was shining in.

[Taichi]
"........."

The window was wide open.
The wind gently enters, makes the rounds of the room's interior, then leaves.
This is probably why,
there's no smell of rot.
//No, it's because there's no insects... in part because he doesn't "know" this, in part to keep the troll that Touko is, indeed, just sleeping. -GHS

[Taichi]
"...Touko."

I did not feel like touching her.
Not because of revulsion.
Because this state seemed, to me, sacred.
//Because she'd wake up. -GHS
A nobility that reminded me of Sleeping Beauty.
Touko the Ultramarine of Gunjou was alone.
Originally, she went to a rich ladies' school.
Plucked off by the Conformity Coefficient Test, she came here.
...together with the mansion.
//This is confirmed even later, they moved the Kirihara Mansion to be here for Touko. Via train. -GHS
The Conformity Coefficient is represented with a percentage.
Touko's 46.
//Hum, with Tomoki's 17 and Sakuraba's 15, that's 78. I got nothing else. -GHS
In Gunjou, neither the highest nor the lowest.
If we look at this rudely, it could be said that she's halfway normal.
//Seems more rude than blunt here... -GHS
When she stands above all others, Touko is smeared in pride and disgrace... she was so beautiful.
//See Youko. A random CR was removed in the console version. -GHS
She refused conversation. Even with the teachers.
She came to school but refused the uniform, she segregates herself inside and rejects the people.
//Inside the classroom, not inside herself... though there's not much difference. And of course, when she says "people grew thin until they disappeared", she doesn't mean that everybody has physically disappeared; just that they've dumped her and left alone. -GHS
Belonging nowhere, being nice to no one.
But, inside her heart, she was swaying with a longing for people.
//See CCA0013, CCX0001. We're meant to read that innocently, then nastily, then... -GHS
And that is why I was, immediately, completely, charmed.
And now, Touko is laying on top of her bed, her hands neatly overlapped.
She probably did that on her own.
She probably passed as if sleeping.
//Notice how he never actually checks the corpse for a pulse. Now notice how he never even THINKS to check the corpse for a pulse. -GHS
I'm sure, she must have.
This looks like a tragic conclusion. Typically it would be.
But even the sadness is varnished with an overwhelming sense of dignity.
Moved, I stand still.
//Oh, another one of those that work so well in English. -GHS

[Taichi]
"...well then."

She left us, alone.
Touko went... alone.

[Taichi]
"You did it... Touko."

Debilitation? Drugs? Starvation?
//She's probably sedated via drugs because of debilitation via starvation. Who needs lies when you have truth like this? -GHS
I have no idea of what.
Finding out, unthinkable.
There's one thing that can be said:
Touko laying down as if time itself had stopped, embraced in this canopied bed, was a thing of fairy tale that made me feel the boundary between dream and reality.
//See CCA0001. One ought wonder, at this point, whether Youko isn't a post-facto fictional character based on all the characters around him, for starters, on Touko herself. -GHS
I give my blessing,
and close the door.
Alone in the dark.
//Ah, great, Resident Evil wasn't enough so we're going to the source now? This is almost too perfect to be coincidental. -GHS
I decided to leave the mansion.
If the reset happens, I will see her once more.
That fact woke up in my mind just before I left the mansion.
Even what is sacred loses its radiance if it is repeated.
Touko's determination, Touko's loneliness, Touko's struggles, everything.
...that pissed me off.
//See CCC3019A. Never a coincidence here. -GHS
It felt as if she was being dirtied.
Then, for what purpose did I...
//supposing "...dump her" -GHS
To get away from Touko, that's why.
Even on the ride back, my irritation did not vanish.
//Kiri is being bullied by Youko, and Touko has died. (Even if Youko doesn't exist and Touko hasn't died.) See CCC0000, CCC3018: as if paramnesia, the pattern will now repeat again. -GHS
