It was last year, early Summer,
when I had my meeting with Shinkawa Yutaka.
It was a Summer of loud cicadas.
We bumped into each other, a coincidence.
An odd conversation was stimulated.
We got along well, as if a rider and his horse.
//Expanded hyperliteral, given their relationship wasn't that far off. -GHS
In Gunjou, there are people who live entirely
into their world,
//"I don't see live people." -GHS
as well as people who easily hurt others.
Ever since a time, the world had begun to give
birth to madmen.
Many of them injured people.
The illness of the heart was no longer merely
a personal problem.
Origin is unknown.
The government had worked out a number of
countermeasures, but the specifics of those
were not widely reported on.
Motion beneath the water surface, said
Youko-chan. All behind closed doors.
//Keeping literal water surface, see CCC3012A. It's only maybe a very odd thing for Youko to say since she likely knows of this thing of his - may be why she immediately assumes an observer of worlds in CCD0021. While "beneath the water surface" would be all Youko says, because Youko, it's not clear enough in English so specified. -GHS
Details are unclear.
At the very least, the world was sinking into
a slow insanity... and if I listened to my
heart I could very well understand.
That is why Gunjou Institute existed.
As an isolation facility.
Repeating class years is an ordinary event.
//So it'd be technically impossible to figure out which year anyone actually is, how old anyone is based on class, or what year it even is. And they say Cross Channel doesn't explain stuff. -GHS
Yet, the people whose conditions do not recover
after some years are sent to a further facility.
//Maybe that Research Building of CCA0022, maybe just Class X. -GHS
People like those require almost no contact
with others.
Their power to live by their strength is lacking,
but their hearts are already distanced from
those of others.
Therefore,
making friends in Gunjou is somewhat difficult.
Because it is difficult for dialogue to come
into existence.
In one class, there are about ten people, maybe,
that can construct a normal conversation at all.

[Shinkawa]
『Okieh, I got the feeling I can work with this somehow.』

[Taichi]
"......"

Whose fault was it, I wonder?
Mine?
Or was it his?
Final words don't come.
Tears don't come.
They... still don't come.
//Despite having cried plenty of times, there's this subtext about Taichi being unable to cry. I suspect he can't cry about Yutaka, not in general. -GHS
