
[Taichi]
"Friday, then."
//Friday September 11, 1998 -GHS

There remain three days to the swingback of the world.
//Including this day. Uh, for those who can't do basic math, which I suspect is most of you. -GHS
Memories will be gone, and all will be reset.
...a bit chilling.
That, I think, just may not be significantly different from death.
//More hints that the week should be a day, see CCA0017A -GHS
Of this one week there will be nothing left but a written report.
I will never be able to think again about any of this.
//And also, to change his mind. -GHS
Never.

[Taichi]
"..."

Once upon a time,
//At the very least let's pay lip service to the time loop. It could be ten thousand years before for all the inattentive reader knows. -GHS
there was this videogame I played.
//Absolute first (of TWO) times he's referencing playing videogames. Despite him knowing eroge tropes perfectly. And never being shown to have the time or the inclination to play videogames at the mansion. -GHS
Role playing.
Setting is futuristic.
The outside world devastated, people live
in domed cities.
//...hum, technically it's just domed *farmlands*, but I suppose it's irrelevant. -GHS
Wild animals have turned into monsters and
attack the people.
The protagonist is a monster hunter.
It starts with ordinary quests, then eventually
ends in a fight with the being that rules the
world.
//See CCA0010. Likely not intended to be the same game... or is it? -GHS
In typical RPGs, when characters are defeated in
battle, they can be revived with some magic or
some technological gadget.
The protagonist can die as many times as he wants,
but he's the main character; within the limit of
the party not being entirely eliminated, causing
a game over, no complete failure will occur.
Naturally, subjective memories would be preserved.
Turns out, this one was different.
Not just when the main character dies, but if
any character dies, that death is the final kind.
The other members have to make it back to the
city, and request a clone of the deceased from
the facility that also serves as save point.
And pop, the protagonist was restored to just
before the data was saved.
And then, without even thinking to question
anything or anyone, the adventure continues.
I was shocked.
The protagonist's eigentime after the save and
before death was never ever re-examinable.
//Let's start throwing in semi-credible mathematical spatial concepts... not that this doesn't fit in the big giant troll this all is, since he's literally pointing a giant spotlight on how people's memories should be erased but aren't. -GHS
I thought while playing that while he was the
same protagonist, he was yet a different human.
//Also that Tanaka ripped it off, but, well, the We Die Between Sleep And Waking Up is a very old cliche' it seems. -GHS
The game had nothing to it but a high level of
difficulty, and there was simply no balance.
But I kept playing as if possessed, chasing
after that striking image of death.
//Taichi likes to chase beautiful images, however difficult they are to obtain, even in videogames... except he conveniently forgets to mention how the game came with a complete walkthrough, doesn't he now. -GHS
Final punchline was a Bolivian Army Ending.
//The game's Phantasy Star II. PS2 is most famous for having one of the earliest cases of a major party character irreversibly die, which means Tanak~~ Taichi would be one of the very few people fascinated with what is an almost trivial detail all things considered. But it's consistent with his sometimes odd conclusions, see CCA0015C, CCD2002. I don't think there's a less tropistic way of saying this as quickly. There's additional material in Japan that changes this BAE, but it's nowhere near well known so its impact can be neglected here. -GHS

[Taichi]
"...so dejecting."

I didn't think I would experience that myself.
//And this explication is made through videogames. Especially considering how he likes to act Main Character-like. And those, of course, have memory loss. -GHS
If that's how it is then, I am which number of myself now?
Number five.
//He's alive? -GHS
Is that truly what I am, really?
If there are no records, then there is no way to know that.
