That girl was always alone.
//Compare CCA0002. Perhaps it's just the graphics artist, but it's interesting how it has the same "peek into the trees with an upper-right slant" as our first view of Kamisaka. -GHS
She had no desire to mingle with anybody, neither
the relatives nor the employees.
You who stand above---
That is what I called her in my innermost
thoughts.
There had never been exchange of words.
//Specific, she DID talk to him before. -GHS
My interest had been piqued.
I don't know what kind of people maintain the
mansion or how, or even the particulars of how
things were made to be the way they were.
//How Eden came to be is an unknown to him. -GHS
Just that this place was like Eden, separated
from the flow of time.
The residents were, themselves, the people of
a secluded faraway world.
//See CCC0000 -GHS
On occasion I was invited by the girls, and
treated to something sweet to drink.
//Possibly before he was made a full-on doll. -GHS
Dressing up, enjoying tea, welcoming people in,
strolling.
//Not specifically mentioned "as a girl". Term GISes ambiguously. -GHS
At the beginning of each month, a huge quantity
of books, clothes, luxury food and consumables
were delivered.
//The wealth is the Hasekura equivalent of the power plant in Kamisaka. This idea of "rich cutoffs from the world" keeps returning here. -GHS
A huge garden...
//Reminded of Kamisaka yet? How about now? -GHS
There were also people called gardeners.
//Oddly enough, this term has been changed in the PS2 version alone, which reads "there were also people who only managed the garden". -GHS
Even taking into account that land rent was cheap
and that it was distant from human populated
areas, it was still almost boundlessly huge.
//...wait, they still have land rent in Japan...? -GHS
For me, small back then, the residence was the
whole infinitely wide world itself.
//He doesn't use boku here like in CCC0000. Older revision in CCD3003B generally lacks pronouns. -GHS
In truth, I have no memories of a time before
the mansion.
//MEMORY HUNTER!!! It's not true, see CCX0001 (and Nanaka). -GHS
The world and the mansion had the same huge size.
//Not only it is the original Fall of Mankind (although including the angels of the Hasekuras and the later fallen angels of the Shinkawas is a bit mushing it with the fall of Lucifer and pre-man concepts), it's also a metaphor for Taichi's early childhood. Lots of books, distant people, treated barely as someone of his own gender, and later bullied and teased for it, sexually as well. I suspect this is going to hit close to home with regards to Tanaka's own personal history. -GHS
Ever since somewhen, I had been of interest to the
older ladies.
//Origins of gerontophilia? -GHS
For having a face like a woman's, that is.
As I also had white hair, and an inexplicable
design drawn on my pupils that could be seen
when looked at closely, I never bored them.
//He claims he had white hair before the killing of the Shinkawas, contradicting CCX0001 and CCC0011C, but consistent with CCA0013 where he misdreamed Sakuraba's hair. -GHS
I was made to wear a girl's (and, above all,
pompously gaudy) dress.
And then, I was a tea companion.
Children don't understand the flavor of tea.
//Tea is generally taken without sugar in Japan, AFAIK, and then there's the whole Adults Can Taste Bitter While Children Stick To Sweet cliche' to keep in mind; that's what he's talking about tasting the Bitter and Sweet when he talks about becoming a Young Adult, who will therefore be between the two tastes. See CCC3004: that thing about the tea should connect here. Also, for some reason the console version changes "kodomo" to write "domo" in kana for reason I can't fathom. -GHS
But I kept company.
Against those people as sweet as confectionery
a choice labeled opposition did not exist.
//See CCC0000. The "choice" part is important, once this becomes a VN. -GHS
...and it wasn't something I disliked.
//See CCC0000. He should've, perhaps, and now he gets Persecuted by Satan. -GHS
And thus I was taken from the job of letting
little children ride horseback as they pulled
my hair, and I began a new job in the role of
a doll.
//Damn double meaning. Of horseplay, of course. -GHS
And I was like that when she... you who stand
above looked at me with cold-heartedness in her
sight.
No, she wasn't even looking.
Her sight always passed through me as if I simply
did not exist, as if there was no interest in me.
//See Touko. -GHS
Hasekura Youko,
youngest of the girls there.
There wasn't that much affection from her family.
More like, she was being shunned.
I see, it's certain, she lives in a different
world from that of the ladies that half-dwell
in fantasy.
//This sentence latches on to a similar one below, one in CCC3008, and one in CCC4015, so gave it a bit more distinction. -GHS
...in the world called reality.
//Youko. In the world called reality. Sure, if we consider it in the "of this world" sense. -GHS
Once, it happened that I was tossed out when I
was working as a cleaning man.
It was before the Time of the Doll had begun,
//"Ningyou Hajimemashita", latter in katakana, odd way to put that. Could be a reference or a pun, in the former all I found is some adult video that seems too recent, in the latter I got nothin'. Maybe just aesthetics. -GHS
when I was mingling with the servitude.
//Another term censored in the PS2 version alone. It's such a hack job that it ended up with two -san honorifics in a row. Wonder if they just had a list of "no no" words and did a quick search and replace weeks before shipping. -GHS
Perhaps because there was a policy to avoid
using people who don't live in the house, lending
and borrowing of manpower was a common thing.
I cleaned the rooms one after the other. It was
an unhurried, well-paced job that also had
one-hour tea breaks at ten and at three.
//Those seem correct hours for tea breaks. In fact, given the etymology of "滅茶" mecha, literally written annihilate + tea and often translated as "pushing yourself": http://ameblo.jp/vetsubara/entry-11307356190.html (J only) this laterally means what I added above. I guess lunch is assumed. -GHS
At evening's dusk I had finally reached her room.
I heard her voice for the very first time.
 Youko: 『...no need here.』
//He doesn't reply, so this is still not a conversation and there's no technical contradiction. Same fake high-pitched tone as in CCC3005... but not CCC0000. -GHS
Short and brusque.
Efficient.
Yet, it was as captivating as magic.
//Same description as Machiko-sensei, see CCA0007. -GHS
A fleeting glance inside her room showed me
something that did not make me think of a
maiden's room at all.
A number of computers,
//This should be around 1990-91. Probably X68000 and PC-98. Lots of VNs and eroge on those systems. -GHS
walls in all four directions entirely covered
in bookshelves, and as those were insufficient,
tall piles of books on the floor,
a worktable of ponderous look, with tools that
looked very well used.
//See CCE0001, her apartment in Kamisaka will be near word for word identical. There's no escaping a prison you build and decide to live in yourself. -GHS
Her fairly big personal room was completely
buried under miscellaneous knowledge and craft,
and it was reminiscent of a secret base.
//Same term Sakuraba uses for the nuclear plant in CCA0002. -GHS
I see, it's certain, a heterogeneous person
that's always alone dwells in a parallel world.
//Latches on to above. This is the literal SF term... and of course, the closest to the literal truth of Cross Channel (in part). -GHS
In the time when I was wearing a gaudy dress, and
was a tea party companion speaking with a girl's
mannerisms, I did ask about Hasekura Youko.
A very quiet older lady replied,
that she is the daughter of the son of the son of
the Head.
A younger and cheerful adult lady replied,
that she was a daughter born unwanted.
Three boisterous sisters chirped,
//姦 is used in a sentence that contains three 女 girls, astonishing! The kanji is more commonly found in the word 強姦 kyoukan, which is one of the many and varied words in Japanese that means "rape". It was, of course, replaced in the PS2 version. -GHS
that it was a secret love story between the young
master and a young servant, and those are the
facts.
//Since these are half-quotes anyway. Hmmm, with Taichi that's just six people. -GHS
It was an infamy of a daughter, emotionally
unattached to all, never knowing love, and the
tragic fate likely to come.
What sadness for the stain of having the blood
of the Hasekura while being not of the Hasekuras.
In other words, she was a shunned, taboo child.
There was no one who would come and address her,
and she, on her own, addressed nobody.
//See Touko again, and most importantly, Nanaka as described in CCX0001. -GHS
She was a tumor.
//See KCOP0003: "It's not a tumor." -GHS
The young master, her real father, seemed to be
studying abroad.
The servant, her mother... had passed away.
A girl that could become no one,
//See CCX0001: this is something that Taichi wants, and despises. -GHS
a girl desired by no one.
Wounded.
Untrue. Not wounded.
Hasekura Youko was strong.
She paid no heed.
I think, perhaps, that she had noticed,
how this world was a miniature garden.
In the spare moments of my life as a doll,
I made my way towards the library.
//They even censored "as a doll" here in the PS2 version. -GHS
Maybe she had influenced me, who knows.
I studied etiquette and tea ceremony in depth
with the ladies,
but in those, wisdom, art and truth there weren't.
To supplement, I frequently visited the rarely
populated library.
//He searches for wisdom, art and truth in books, away from what he is taught by others. Fascinating he'd even seek these things at all... -GHS
I met Youko-chan frequently,
yet still without conversation.
For some annoyance or another, there was no
approach from me either.
//See CCD5001: he'll say it was an unspoken agreement. But was it really? -GHS
I thought her as desirable, but I had no wish for
us to become good friends.
//OTOH, he does understand that if she wanted to contact anyone, she'd have done it at this point, not when it's convenient for her. And she wouldn't have fallen in pseudo-love with him in the horror of the idea of mistreated him. -GHS
Seems that my aesthetic sensitivity was formed
right around that time.
//See CCB0004C, when he calls Touko 'art'. Actually false: it was formed back when he was being held by his mother, alone against the world, see CCX0001. As is usual, him considering Youko his muse, in this sense, is still more revealing - especially considering how motherlike Youko is. -GHS
How to say this... I was attracted, charmed, by
what can stand on its own.
//Misato alone in her flight; Touko aloof in her seat; Yusa the excluded one; Kiri who fights for justice against the world; unreset Miki attempting to control everything... one of the story's themes is to break this mistaken ideal that Taichi constructed. After all, his mother, the true inspiration, was despairful, dying... and probably all as the result of a choice, that to have Taichi, that is very likely intended as debatable. -GHS
By that strength, the strength that allows living
on one's own.
Whether it's in the knowledge or whether it's in
the craft, that side of things exists.
Humans flock together.
//GUNjou. -GHS
They crave flocking itself.
And then, simultaneously, they want to have a holy
ground, a sanctuary.
//See Taichi's Maths folder. -GHS
They desire a place for themselves that
is never infringed.
Yet when people come into contact, the boundary
lines waver.
//See CCD1001, this is the field of hearts -GHS
The size of this domain maybe decreases, maybe
increases.
//MORE than the sanctuary desired is also problematic! -GHS
Discomfort.
Contradiction.
In the general sense of values it's the lone hero
that is beloved, more than the thousand of armies
and their splendor.
//...but heroes always have their own nakamas... -GHS

[Hero]
a single solitary Absolute.
//Try ubermensch. He totally spent too long with wasteful reads Nietzsche and postmodern "narrative" theory. -GHS

That is what people wish for.
It's no more than what they want taking a shape
with the name of Aspiration.
//Aspirations suc(snip) -GHS
Do they want to leave alone, or do they want to
live in the flock then?
But I digress.
In the library, I would read the books that she
read after her.
//It's a chase, this returns with Misato especially. -GHS
Because of this aspiration.
Or, perhaps, because of jealousy for her
perfection.
//Contrast CCC3022 -GHS
The subjects of the book were extremely advanced,
and I just about didn't understand them,
//See also CCC3013. He just likes to chase difficult stuff if he's fascinated. -GHS
yet I kept reading.
We met in the library so many hundreds of times,
just passing by each other, never meeting.
//See CCD5001. -GHS
We co-owned that air that never once we filled
with conversation.
//See CCA0006. SYMBOLISM. -GHS
And that era continued for several years.
                    And then.
Downfall is inherent in Eden.
It has been like this ever since the original Eden
of mankind, therefore, I believe it to be a divine
providence from which there is no escape.
//This is one of the most important themes in the entire VN. Notice how he's talking about the Biblical Eden as if it was absolute fact. That's an odd thing for something that shouldn't have a mythological backstory... -GHS
Downfall.
//This explains the first week, too. No, not the second; the first. The first was the Eden of Cross Channel as a story: the unnecessarily high-written but simple and straightforwards eroge. And then... -GHS
Specifically, the sudden ruin of the head of the
Hasekura family.
//凋落 seems to be often found in this kind of contexts, which would tie to the concept of Downfall. He might just have lost everything in a market crash or malinvestment and been sent off in disgrace, especially since the guy's waaay obviously a Yakuza boss. -GHS
That was the beginning of the tragedy.
The refined people of the Hasekura were gone,
and the servants were left behind.
Instead of the Hasekuras, new relatives that
were on the rise settled in.
//This is further metaphorized in the form of a dog that only ever attacks the Triple Secret Mister Exposition. Because Cross Channel. Oh, on the rise = SHINkou, like Shinkawa. I don't know why all the foreshadowing since it's all said five minutes later, maybe the reveal of who Yutaka is was to come later? Wonder if this script had to originally be part of the beginning of the route. -GHS
We met wild, rude, violent people.
//To go meta, this represents your standard true love and weird fetish eroge got gradually flanked, perhaps in a sense replaced, by dark nukige. Cross Channel could be said to be a spiritual sequel to one, or perhaps, of a bad end route. And that's why it's in truth the sequel to Classroom of Atonement: Bad End. ~fin~ -GHS
Men and women, young and old, all alike,
all of them to the last had the makings
of carrion eaters.
//This is the precise acceptation of everything goes on about with "devouring". -GHS
Three days hadn't passed and one of the servants
was assaulted.
A matter for investigation,
however, this was a miniature garden.
This space was sealed.
//See CCC0009, Miki doesn't mean just Tasaki. -GHS
It had originated its own order.
When a mansion is surrounded by a vast plot of
land, it is nearly extraterritorial.
And what kind of feast would unfold there,
day after day?
One of the room of the mansion was, originally,
used for evening parties.
The people of the Hasekura family really loved
their little events, so it was used quite
frequently.
//A Comic Party? -GHS
The violent people used it for a different
sort of evening party.
There was no elegant conversation nor fine food,
and instead it was filled to the brim with
depravity and decadence.
//堕落 is the literal term used for the Fall of Man. http://ejje.weblio.jp/content/%E4%BA%BA%E9%96%93%E3%81%AE%E5%A0%95%E8%90%BD It's used several other times, but sparingly enough to make this the most relevant. -GHS
...I think that many people were made into
sacrifices, definitely.
//Torturers and torturees are different kinds, but they're both sacrifices to the same thing. Plus all the dead. -GHS
For example, there was this young married couple,
servants.
The wife was gang raped.
//Finally a get to use one of the first words I've learned in Japanese! -GHS
No,
repeatedly gang-raped.
//Boy do I hate how thick Tanaka piles on the tragic. Oh, wait, I'm a tanakafag or stuff aren't I? -GHS
She was made subordinate to every single possible
method for a body to be used as an outlet for
others.
The husband resisted,
he contacted the police so to rescue his wife.
The police did not intervene.
I think maybe it was just an annoyance for them.
I don't even think there was much in the way of
bribes.
I investigated the mansion on the 'net.
//This should be '92-'94 at best, so it should still work. I didn't start until '94-'95 and I remember when the Geocities Look was just barely getting started... hell I remember when Yahoo looked like a good idea, when you'd get banned from IRC for daring to criticize Windows 95, and AOLamer was only about to become a thing (today the term is "GameFAQs level", not that I believe all adjectives to "Internet discussion" to be anything but completely redundant). -GHS
Crimes without number were being overlooked with
the complicity of the policy.
The sense of entitlement in the population was so
bloated that intervention at a moment's notice
became impossible.
//See CCA0003. Indeed it is near its end. -GHS
An increasing number of humans would persecute
tiny little errors as if they were offenses
against their own family.
//Humans is still colder. See every single online community there ever was and ever will be. This was bad in the '90s, insufferable in 2003, and is as of writing beyond what I would consider my worst predictions (and they were bad, lemme tell ya). This is only at the beginning stages, asw ell. -GHS
Inaction is best.
Negligence will result, but,
for an organization of incomplete humans that is
the limit, I think.
I've got to be sincere here:
what can save yourself is your own power.
//See CCC0000. -GHS
...by thinking that, there's no getting angry.
//Leaving it generic, as this is also a suggestion. -GHS
Getting angry about other people's clumsiness
or shallow opinions, the point where there is
no infliction of serious harm at least,
is to commit one part of one's heart to others.
But that's normal.
To be normal, that is,
is also for one to invest themselves in the absurd
and imperfect rules generated by people's
limitations.
...there is no expectation that the cradle
will be gentle.
//The concept of the real world as nothing but the cradle for mankind in the next one, so very Christian. -GHS
Above all, in a sealed space the typical ethics
themselves grow dim and hazy.
//Similar terms as CCA0001 -GHS
Violence is easily made into the ordinary
of a life.
What was needed to to fight against this were
a firm ego,
//Moved a bit from below -GHS
and a system to make the self unwavering.
...like hers.
                     So then.
//He really gets off the point easily. This reminds me of when I was back in 'Nam, we were going after Charlie and-GHS
As the wife became tool of amusement, she was
made pregnant, then to abort the child.
She was made to learn the many methods to give
pleasure to men.
She stopped smiling.
She did not participate in the work of the
servants anymore, either.
When she was forbidden to wear clothes, she
gave two bobs of her head and obeyed.
//See CCC3027, Kiri's panties and Taichi. Odd place for an SFX-like word, may be a leftover of the original sarcastic tone of the script. -GHS
She had tattoos engraved on her,
//See CCB2014, Touko and Youko. Both of them had the best of teachers, it seems. -GHS
indecent tattoos.
They pointed to the genitals, showing that they
were no longer the husband's possession.
The violent people were extraordinarily capable
in that field.
And gradually hearts sink as well.
The husband fell on the last resort,
to take the wife and run away.
In three days they were brought back.
The husband was killed,
right next to her wife who was being gang-raped.
The cadaver was buried in the garden.
The men buried him under the roots of a cherry
tree, guffawing throughout.
//This seems known enough, but still http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motojir%C5%8D_Kajii -GHS
Well, those guys had broken ethics.
//Another slightly off-tone one. -GHS
Once, one of the men brought in his own family.
The introduction of that new character.
//Shinkyara no toujou -> Shinkawa no toujou. Further, possibly abandoned foreshadowing. See CCA0011C for more. -GHS
He was a pedophile. He came with the optionals
'bisexual' and 'sadist' installed.
//http://d.hatena.ne.jp/keyword/%CE%BE%C5%E1 also, it continues the car metaphor, so it's even more hints as to who it should be. -GHS
Sadist, so let's call him 'S'.
//The Shinkawa is a Freak explanation? See CCA0011C. -GHS
The eyes of this S zeroed in on me.
//Let's healthily avoiding "S'" or, worse, "S's" (ick). ...although "SS"... -GHS
I was forced once again into the looks of a
little girl and was made to participate at
their evening parties.
//Wherein he was never raped, and neither was Youko? The term's different than the above, and seems to imply a girl much younger than Taichi's 13-14 years. May be more inadequate editing. -GHS
This time I was no tea ceremony companion, but
for S and his desires.
//Specific term -GHS
S also liked to delegate to others.
//Oddly "hito ni saseru" doesn't mean "be homosexually fucked" that I can find. I freely admit my research on this may be less than thorough for reasons of come on now. -GHS
I, who looked like a little girl, was made into
his straight male partner.
//It's possible he's just ordered around by Shinkawa's dad to hurt and humiliate others, not necessarily rape 'em. This is possibly where he learned all his sexual harassment techniques. -GHS
People who liked to half-jest were more than
the half there.
//Visuals. ...wait, so if you half-jest twice... -GHS
Occasionally, there were people who grew
disillusioned, but,
at the evening parties the point was always to
stand out via whatever dirty or disgraceful act.
What happened there was something similar
to elementary school bullying.
//Against the ones who grew disillusioned. See Yusa. And Family Project, parts of Kana, parts of Yume Miru Kusuri... boy Tanaka likes this one. That's why I'm fairly sure it hits close to home to him. -GHS
Inside of a group, there is a fairly high chance
that this sort of things would happen.
//Pretty much 1:1, see once more every online community ever. And "online" is only there because in online communities it's easier to see. -GHS
Well, let's call that a demerit then.
//AKA Batten, see CCD1001. Borderline off-tone. -GHS
Everything without exception has merits and
demerits, pros and cons,
beyond the unambiguous good and bad.
//This is laterally a criticism of this kind of Nietzscheian philosophy, as should be evident from the nearly-Nietzscheian term (though that's literally 善悪の彼岸). Taichi is currently justifying doing nothing in the face of what he sees. He is, in multiple senses, not any better than them even if, in the end, he's little more than a victim. Hence, sacrifices on both sides. -GHS
Before long, the S-style of our S escalated.
//Laterally hinting that not only he's a sadist, his name starts with S. -GHS
He brought in a child,
the son of S.
//...he brought his penis? -GHS
It seemed at school he was a bully... of sorts.
//Since this is a metaphor for a normal life, as well as the Eden, this is about elementary school bullying. Literally. -GHS
In the brief moment of being overwhelmed by
the promiscuity in the air, he looked at me
and sneered in ridicule.
Because he was abnormally excited, maybe.
This guy participated, under peer pressure
but fairly proactively.
As if inherited in the blood, he soon began
to display his talent.
Perhaps it's also the accumulation of all
this precocious knowledge to blame.
He quickly got hooked.
             I was ridiculed by all.
             I kept being ridiculed,
              and for so many weeks,
//Week should be familiar at this point. This likely didn't last for more than a few months. The time from the contract to murder is said to be one week. -GHS
               I continued to take
                  their attacks.
Kzzzh.
//Oddly, I get "sound of rustling or water". Eh, SFX here are damn outlaws anyway. -GHS
This is Noise.
//Noise must be interposed between him and bad things or he goes mad. That's possibly a hint that the story should end in blood. -GHS
