A number of hours later, I returned home.
A supply drop from Tomoki had been left in front of the house.

[Taichi]
"..."

I decided to cremate Youko-chan.
//Cremating people without proper equipment is really hard. Trust me, I totally watched it on CSI and stuff and didn't try it myself. Certainly not while the stupid bas--- the "alleged victim" was alive. Plus, given Week 2, where Touko smells Taichi's roasted potatoes from the fricking other side of town, there wouldn't be one person in there who wouldn't be complaining about the really striking smell of burning flesh. (Or at least, I assume it's striking, as I don't have first-hand experience that I'd explicitly discuss without the presence of my attorney.) -GHS
If there's no decay, that's the only alternative.
//Of course, if Youko were to be simply a doll no bigger than the Taichi Doll... notice that he's assuming Miki is correct here. -GHS
And then, I buried her.
//Where? In his fricking backyard? This keeps hinting that if Youko is something alive, she's no more than a pet animal. -GHS
I did not place a gravestone,
because death was nothing.
//In a world with a loop, of course. In a world where there's no Youko, twice so. -GHS
What would she have done, if our positions
had been reversed?
If I had been killed by someone?

[Taichi]
"..."

Search and locate the culprit, then murder, that was obvious.
Perhaps even commit a massacre, what do I know.
//No, dumbass, 皆殺し is chapter CCC3009 -GHS
However... I will not go that far for her sake.
Because my objective is... not to be a demon possessed by revenge.
//"Well, I have only one question... why don't you just die right this instant?" And there we go. Utter hypocrisy. -GHS
My heart was still noisily astir.
So I go write the diary.
While writing,

[Taichi]
"Hm?"

Sounds from the outside.
I put out the candle,
and go to the window,
to look outside.
Someone is walking in front of the house, in the street.
...Kiri.
//Wow, not even wasted three hours has she. Given all this, it is extremely likely that in her route she is "shown" a cadaver by Miki just this very day. Maybe the "Old Guy"? -GHS
Holding a bag.
Well, I ought not be involved.
I return to the desk,
and pick up the pen.
