
[Taichi]
"It's morning......?"

I lifted my body.
This was my unchanging room.
I switched off the irritating alarm clock.

[Taichi]
*yawn*......

Summer break starts at the beginning of the ninth month.
The heat of summer permeated the room.
I wriggled my body into fresh clothes, and my hand through the strap on my book bag.
There was a sandwich wrapped in plastic left on the dining table.
An egg, vegetable and potato sandwich.
I shall take it with gratitude.

[Taichi]
*munch*

Truly tasty.
To me, without any basic life skills, this gift was a blessing.
Now I wouldn't have to assault the convenience store on the way to school.

[Taichi]
"Thank you for all the delicious meals."

I pointed my hands east and bowed my head.
Now, to school.
Today looks like it'll be another hot day.
Upper Misaka Town had many hills, as the name implies.
There were a number of slanted surfaces one had to make their way through in order to reach the school.
(TL Note: The kanji for "Misaka" mean "see" and "hill.")
Just to make it there included rising, and falling, and rising, and falling again.
It made me think of the vicissitudes of life, while making my soul and my feet feel quite unnerved.

[Taichi]
"Heavy."

Even though I was used to it, I felt heavy.
Although, walking is still good.
Climbing these hills on a bicycle would be much worse.
Bikes are intended for use on flat ground.
On a bike, the climbs get even harsher than they are on foot, but the descents are supreme bliss.
It gave me the feeling that only times of distress could continue on forever.
At the hill's summit, I arrived at the intersection which connected to the shopping district.
Yamanobe Miki, one of the two "Flowers," lived in a housing complex not far in that direction.
Miki was my kouhai by one year.
Her hairstyle made her look like a witch from some world-famous fantasy series.
(TL Note: "Kouhai" is how you address your "junior" or "underclassman" in Japanese.)
Her looks were, well, a lot like that.
She can't use real magic, but she could be called a magician of words.
Once she starts talking, she won't stop, and even before she's about to start talking, it's hard to stop her.
Despite being a young girl, she has a rich vocabulary, and I never get sick of talking to her.
Miki often hung out with another first year student: Sakura Kiri.
Opposite to Miki's long wavy hair was Kiri's short androgynous hair.
Together they could brighten a place up like a field of flowers.
So they were called The Flowers.
A mascot-like existence in our club.
Besides, Miki loved mini skirts. She always wore one.
She's also seriously cute. And she can play off of my jokes.
Setting aside the fact that I also love mini skirts, there's no reason for me not to like her.
I'm holding her to the promise that she will give me her uniform after she graduates.
Although in exchange for that, the suggestion that I'd give her my second button was courteously rejected.

[Taichi]
"Heya."
(TL Note: It's customary to give the second button of your uniform to the girl you like when graduating.)

I entered the store on the edge of the shopping district.
『Tasaki Groceries』

[Taichi]
"Hellooooo."

I spoke toward the back of the store.
No answer.

[Taichi]
"......guess they're out."

Tasaki Groceries has been left empty for a while now.
The owner, Mr. Tasaki Goichirou (age 47, single) is an unparalleled railway maniac.
He often drifted out of the store to go take pictures at some far-off railway line.
As a result, during that time, the store was left open.
An uninhabited shop.
He's a profligate to the core.
He happens to have a face so evil it was said he killed crying kids in his thirties, but after his parents' deaths, his facial features became richer.
Could it be said that something other than his inheritance changed that fundamentally wild, coarse railway nerd into a decent person?
Anyway, that lucky man's business remains one of the few local stores for the neighboring residents.
I picked up the notepad and scribbled on it as I walked.
『9／7, Green Tea King, 130￥......Kurosu Taichi』
With the tape that had been left out, I stuck that note to the wall.
I saw that several other memos had already been put up.

[Taichi]
"Ah, Miki...she already left."

『9／3, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／3, Magnum Litchi, 110￥......Sakuraba Hiroshi』
『9／4, Natural Bottled Pet Water, 140￥......Miyasumi Misato』
『9／5, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／5, Great King Doria, 110￥......Sakuraba Hiroshi』  『It wasn't that great.』
『9／6, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
(TL Note: Doria is something like a seafood and rice casserole.)
『9／6, Pepper Captain, 110￥......Sakura Kiri』
『9／7, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
Miki, you're stretching your credit.
This'll be bad when the time comes for accounting.
And Sakuraba, we don't need your opinion.

[Taichi]
"Mm?"

Underneath Sakuraba's idiocy there was another memo.
Someone hid theirs?
It caught my interest, so I tore off the top note.
『9／6, Natural Bottled Pet Water x 3, 420￥......Kirihara』
What's this now?
Ojou-sama's greedy enough to buy three at once!
She's rich, yet this embarrassed her, ahh, how lonely...
(TL Note: Ojou is a neutral way to address a young girl, especially a rich or well-mannered one.)
I restuck her note in the most obvious spot.
Perfectly flat.

[Taichi]
"That should do it."

I went to the back of the store and took out a bottle of green tea.

[Taichi]
"And, put that on credit."

I left the store.
As the green tea flowed down my throat, I headed for school.

[Taichi]
"What's this?"

Someone was already in the classroom.
A window seat.
The girl was resting her chin on her hand. She gave me a single glance.

[Touko]
"......"

With no words, her line of sight moved back outside.

[Taichi]
"You got here fast."

[Touko]
"......"

[Taichi]
"And yet you're in casual wear again?"
[Taichi]
"I'm impressed you can wear something so warm."

[Touko]
"......"

Ignore.

[Taichi]
"Hey, hey."

I shrugged my shoulders and sat down in my seat......right next to Touko's.
Just like a hedgehog.
Recently, I'd been sharpening my quills.
(TL Note: This may be a reference to the Hedgehog's Dilemma, which states that "human intimacy cannot occur without mutual harm.")
But I've done the same for everyone else, so it's nothing to worry about.
The quills she has for me, though...... might have a bit of poison on them.
Maybe it's just me.
I might just be overly self-conscious.
But,
But...
Just by thinking that,
I had a spasm.

[Taichi]
"No, I can't let that happen."

The blessed spasm was small, and there was no danger of it blowing away my rationality.
In exchange for the discomfort of holding down my rising stomach acid, I pushed that spasm's head into the abyss.
Its grotesque tongue cut into the Earth's surface.

[Taichi]
"Hey."

[Touko]
"......what?"

Touko sounded thoroughly fed up.

[Taichi]
"The bottom of your dress has a tear. I can see your panties."

[Touko]
"............!! ............!!"

She hurriedly stood up and grabbed her butt with both hands.

[Taichi]
"Why're you standing up?"

*smack!!*

[Taichi]
"gufu!"

An unexpected palm slap.
Slipdown.
I fell over spectacularly.

[Taichi]
"Owwwww."

Touko had already sat back down in the same posture as before.

[Taichi]
"It was just a joke."

[Touko]
"......"

She seems unwilling to interact with me.
With clear exclusivity.
But her armor had a lot of chinks.
Dropping my book bag on my desk, I gazed around the mostly empty classroom.
There's still time before class commences.
What should I do?
CSQ 0 1 1
  -Go to the Roof
  -Talk to Touko
