After climbing several hills, I reached the shopping district.
There was no sign of anyone.
I could see the Tasaki Shop.

[Taichi]
"......"

I peeked inside the store with a certain expectation.
But I couldn't feel anyone breathing in there.

[Taichi]
"......guess they're out."

Tasaki Groceries has been left empty for a while now.
The owner of this local shop, Mr. Tasaki Goichirou (age 47, single) is an unparalleled railway maniac.
He often drifted out of the store to go take pictures at some far-off railway line.
He forces me to look at his pictures every once in a while, but they're not the least bit interesting.
I'm a child of today who doesn't embrace any fantasies about trains.
The store remains open when its owner is gone.
A profligately empty store.
He failed to become employed at Japan Railways in his twenties and sunk to being a Yankee from a past age (this idiocy continued until he was thirty), but after his parents' deaths, his facial features became richer.
Could it be said that something other than his inheritance changed that fundamentally wild, coarse railway nerd into a decent person?
Anyway, that man with a current excess of disposable income has one of the few remaining businesses that serves as a local store for the neighboring residents.
That's why it wasn't rare for there to be no people here.
Come to think of it, my throat's a little dry.
I went to the back of the store and took out a bottle of green tea.
I took out the notepad and scribbled on it.
『9／7, Green Tea King, 130￥......Kurosu Taichi』
Perfectly flat.
I saw that several other memos had already been put up.
『9／3, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／3, Magnum Litchi, 110￥......Sakuraba Hiroshi』 『It was pretty bitter.』
『9／4, Natural Bottled Pet Water, 140￥......Miyasumi Misato』
『9／5, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／5, Great King Doria, 110￥......Sakuraba Hiroshi』  『It wasn't that great.』
『9／6, Vegetable Juice Healthy Gogo, 110￥......Yamanobe Miki』
『9／6, Pepper Captain, 110￥......Sakura Kiri』
Oh yeah, we did buy an awful lot here during the campout.

[Taichi]
"......"

When we returned from the campout, all the people in the town had disappeared.
Television, radio......all forms of media had gone silent just as utilities such as electricity and water had stopped.
Everyone was paralyzed.
Because right before us was a conflagration of emotions far too heavy to put up on a shelf.
We were tired, and in no mood to talk about it.
We deferred theorizing and split up.
And now today.
The new term.
I'd been trying to attend school normally.
I opened the door.
An isolated presence poured out, caressing my cheeks.
The window seat.
The girl was resting her chin on her hand. She gave me a single glance.
Beautiful long hair.
Being maintained by a level of care that could be called paranoia, it was in dangerously good order.
I could tell by close inspection.
Controlled by an iron fist, not a single fray or split end had been allowed.
It's light to the touch, and if I threaded my fingers through it, it'd flow like grains of sand.
The first time I met her, she'd been wearing an invincible armor.
The invisible breastplate of an unapproachable atmosphere.
There must be a lot of reasons.
The fact that this is the Gunjou Institute.
Her shrill, noisy classmates.
Her corpse-like classmates.
Void boys and girls who could only see their own world.
There were very few people who could materialize a respectable conversation with those kids. So few you could count them.
Emotionless guards standing everywhere.
A classroom world caricatured to the point of frenzy.
A crafty and villainous worldview resembling the act of releasing clockwork toys upon a mountain of corpses.
For Kirihara Touko, who lived therein with an adaptation coefficient of forty six, there was a need to protect the remaining fifty four percent.
Self consciousness was maintained by avoiding the company of others.
For that reason, her decision at the beginning of the entrance ceremony was correct.
Touko still resembles who she was back then.
Ostentation, bravado and vanity.
You could say that's all there was to the person known as Kirihara Touko.

[Taichi]
"Wow, you really came."

[Touko]
"......"

Her line of sight moved back outside the window.
With timing that made her intent perfectly transparent.
She was fully prepared to ignore me.
CSQ 0 1 1
  -Go to the Roof
  -Talk to Touko
