The hokora......
I twisted away from the will of mine that said, 'Go to school anyway.'
I can do that fairly well, can't I?
I think people have countless possibilities.
But, for the most part, they're just controlled by their individuality.
People will generally make the same choices.
But,
When you repeat the same situation hundreds of times, wouldn't probability demand that you do something extravagant?
That's what I thought.
I was trying to do something extravagant.
I'd passed through here yesterday.
Alongside despair.
And now, I was climbing the mountain once again.
To go to the hokora.
I had no real objective.
You could say going to the hokora was the objective.
That girl......she said she was Nanaka?
The reason why she pointed me this way.
I had a feeling I could find it.
It had been a while since people had passed through here.
The path to the shrine was covered in undergrowth, and I couldn't find it.
I continued on, relying on intuition.
Not long after,

[Taichi]
"There it is."

I said aloud.
All noise vanished from the world, along with the presences of various living things (just humans?).
But the area around the hokora was silent.
A solemn atmosphere.
Even the air temperature felt lower.
The stress from the solitude made my throat dry.
I got the feeling that I shouldn't make any noise.
I approached the hokora.

[Taichi]
"......"

There was clearly...
Something strange about it...
I couldn't put my finger on it, but...
This place was strange.
Something deeper than rationality told me that.
Even if it was strange, it didn't seem dangerous.
I stared, observing the hokora.
It was a small Shinto shrine set atop a high platform.
It had a pair of double doors.
And it was sealed with shimenawa.
I had to see what was inside.
(TL Note: "Shimenawa" are lengths of rice straw rope used for ritual purification and warding against evil in the Shinto religion. They're commonly seen at shrines, gates and other landmarks.)
There was a possibility that some strange monster was sealed away in there.
Well, I'm not so sure about that......
Now that it was common knowledge that the 21st century had rejected the next century by annihilating humanity, I felt, without any basis, that the hokora couldn't be that plain.
I put my hands on the doors,
And opened them.

[Taichi]
"......this is..."

I was surprised.
In the dim, undecorated space, there were no monsters or bottles or daggers or crystal balls......
Just a pile of notebooks.
IF $roop == 2 JMP LNOTE5
IF $roop == 3 JMP LNOTE6
JMP LNOTE6
:LNOTE5
Five of them.
JMP LNOTE_E
:LNOTE6
Six of them.
JMP LNOTE_E
:LNOTE_E
Without discrepancy, they were student notebooks.
It seemed like a total mismatch.
And it took me by surprise.

[Taichi]
"......not bad."

I don't know who'd done it though.
I took out a notebook.
The covers were featureless, but they did have numbers written on them in magic marker.
Volume numbers.
I tried opening the notebook titled '1'.
......
............
........................
Monday
I went to school today, but I cut class.
Touko was especially harsh today.
Must be biological.
But I can't strike at her just because of her biology.
Instead, I'll do horrible things to her in this diary.

[Touko]
"No! Stop!"

[Me]
"Heheh, even if you claim to hate it, your body is perfectly honest. (paraphrased)"

[Touko]
"Ah! That's... no, stop it, stop it!"

[Me]
"Impossible! No man can pull back after coming this far! My rifle of pride has no choice now but to lock on to a target such as yourself!"

[Touko]
"Noooo! My body, not my bodyyy!!"

[Me]
"In time, you will come to desire this yourself."

[Touko]
"No, have mercy!!"

[Me]
"You think I'll listen to such pleas?! Doooryaaa!!"

[Touko]
"......you beast!!!"

Here I raised up the vase holding its red rose.
At last the flower's stalk snapped, and fell silently.
The screen blurs. Whiteout.
【Fin】
As I walked down the hallway, Miki was doing some cleaning.
My hand shot like lightning, aimed at Miki's butt, yet I merely grazed her, failing to grasp her body.
Until now, Miki's always been sluggish and easy to touch.
This is a grave situation, Mr. Principal!
But seeing my pupil become more skilled does make me happy.
The day she'll surpass her master draws near.
I went to club for the first time in a while, and Mimi-sempai was quite fluffy.
Today, I reached a milestone.
I'm greatly moved.
A lot of other stuff happened, too, but overall it was a good day.

[Taichi]
"This is......"

My diary.
I flipped through the following pages.
Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday.
Without any doubt, it's a diary.
But,

[Taichi]
"That's strange."

The next page,
Tuesday.
Objectify your emotions!
Who was the one who stuffed curry into the bread in the first place?
That question has always tormissed me.
*tormiss = Taichi's typo. A theoretical error in which he tied the meaning of "torment" to the connotation of "misplace."
In the same way, Taichi mistakenly thought that turtlenecks were 'totalnecks' because they totally cover his neck.
But going belly and forth in search of an answer will only leave me with a hollow feeling at the end of the day.
*belly = Taichi's typo
Baudelaire once said:
『God is dead.』
It may be easy to doubt the existence of a god, but for those who never give his existence a second thought, and believe life is a straight line laid out for them every day, he'll suddenly profit forks in their paths.
*profit = Taichi's typo of 'prepare'
For ex{ae}mple, the time to roll out a hairless conversation with an obstinate woman.
*hairless = confused with 'profitless'
For ex{ae}mple, the time I met with a good friend of mine and an estranged friend of mine at the same moment.
And the time those two rebuilt a friendly relationship between themselves.
Regarding either one of them, I'd ××× until I couldn't not feel the towering will to ×××× them both equally with the mysterious ××× near her nose and mouth ×××× when I would, along with priceless love--
The ××× which was ×××× as it did ××× it would ×××× ×××××××××××× but ××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××.
『What we cannot talk about we must pass over in silence.』
These are Kierkegaard's famous words.
I will now leave the subject of Kiri-jou's elegant androgyny and my just passion toward her.
For that is not the only pleasure in life.
Yes.
The Sempai of my life whom I met on the roof, with her maternal open-mindedness and loving affection. No matter how much I wrote about Misato-jou, the bling would never end.
*bling = Taichi's typo for 'bliss'
First, there are her indescribable thighs, which were (censored).
And in my hands, there remained the bra which was once attached to her body.
When I breathed through it, though it had already lost its body heat, the girl's faint smell took me away to yet another strong delusional delusion.
~FIN~
That's unmistakably my norm.
But isn't this strange?
I should remember what I wrote in my own diary.
I definitely wrote in it from time to time......

[Taichi]
"......that's not it."

It's not in my memory at all.
What's written in here are occurrences entirely outside of my memory.
By the way, it's not amnesia.
In fact I'm the type to remember needless details.
I'm a memory hunter that would definitely never forget something like making marriage vows with a childhood friend, or being given truth serum by an enemy and crippled on the way to my dream job.
Well, the strength of my memory is good.
Speaking of things outside of my memory......there is the scene of my own birth.

[Taichi]
"Wahaha (alol)."

The now-annihilated Americans would find delight in that.
Now then,
I'll continue reading.
Wednesday.
Hmph. Next.
Thursday.
And then Friday.
Today we went to the beach.
The beach we all went to last year.
This year it was pretty lonely.
It may have been awkward, but last year I believed we could touch and learn from each other.
It made me remember so many fun times.
Just one year has passed since then, and we're all estranged now.
We've lost all mutual concern.
Because so many things happened.
But, that's not the only reason.
......there was a problem, in our hearts.
And now, we're the only ones in the world.
What's with this ironic composition?
That night, Misato-sempai came to check up on me.
For no real reason, I remembered the words of that Nanaka girl and went to see the hokora.
I can get more done at night.
My body's weird.
There were many questions.
But my thoughts wouldn't stop.
Despite Nanaka's enigmatic suggestion, I sensed no abnormality from the hokora.
There was just one piece of paper in there.
A note from Youko-chan.
The paper was new.
『Save all your records in here.』
As is always the case with her, there was no explanation for the reason.
Because she is mostly complete as a human, she doesn't need to communicate her intent to other people.
As a result, she tends to remove excess words taciturnly and with poor speaking skills.
Often, she removes too much and doesn't make any sense.
But, there is no mistake in what she says.
I should do just that.
I returned to my house, and brought my diary here.
That's why this will be my last diary entry.
The first notebook ended there.
In the second,
The content was nearly the same.
Casual days starting on Monday.
And on Saturday, to the hokora.
The third. The fourth. The fifth.
They all repeated.
The content did differ in places.
For instance, the timing of when I met with The Flowers, or my correspondence with Touko or Mimi-sempai.
But overall, it looked like exactly the same week was being traced out repeatedly.
Almost as if, I'd repeated the same period of time several times over......
Thinking calmly, there are a few possibilities these diaries could be showing.
1) I had another personality that wrote them.
2) Stuff I write in the future shows up here.
3) I was repeating the same period of time over and over.
The first isn't true. I can guarantee that.
Even if you give a monkey a typewriter, it won't coincidentally write up a copy of Shakespeare.
Thinking realistically, number two couldn't be it either.
Three...
At the very least, that's the possibility that these five diaries were showing me.
The memo mentioned earlier was inserted inside the first notebook.
A very old memo.
It looked like it had been written years ago.
All my records......huh...
Well, she means diaries.
Now, why would I have to do that?
The diaries all basically stop recording after Friday.
Though the fourth made an exception by continuing onto Saturday.
In other words, something happens after Saturday, so that in the end, I'm being forced to redo everything from the beginning.
Was the restart point Monday? It could also be Sunday.
Since on Sunday I was feeling bad and didn't write in my diary.
Most likely, I was taking the same actions in many possibilities.
No, wait a minute.

[Taichi]
"The world is repeating itself?"

That's extraordinary.
But, right now......
I should avoid jumping to conclusions.
A conclusion is reminiscence from the terminal point.
It's no more than a process of reaching a decision after some process.
Here, there's a high probability that I......no, that the world itself is looping the same week ad infinitum.
And I'll stop thinking right there.
There seem to be rules to this loop.
Which include......the erasure of subjective memory.
After the diaries cut off, the world should have 『rolled back』 at least five times.
At the same time, my memory was also being completely rolled back.
This produced a decision.
There are no deficits or obscurities within my memory.
Since Youko-chan is a kunoichi, it's no surprise that she realized this truth so quickly.
And then left a memo for me.
For some reason.
That means Youko-chan also loses her memory along with the rollback---
I could extend this to say that all the others were the same.
Mimi-sempai, Touko, Miki and Kiri, Sakuraba, Tomoki......

[Taichi]
"That's right."

I'd come to understand the trouble of our present situation.
My memory was being reset.
In other words,
Even the memory of arriving at the true state of affairs this way is reset by the end of the week.
Next week (literally), I'll be back to living through Monday without any doubts.
I arrived at the truth again only because of being coincidentally guided to this hokora......

[Taichi]
"......uwa."

In such a situation, I'd have to furiously shoot a gun repeatedly and unskillfully.
I was quite unnerved.
There's one other rule as well.
Which is, that this hokora somehow avoids being affected by the loop.
As long as I'm in this place, subjective time is preserved.

[Taichi]
"......Youko-chan, how did you find this out?"

I could understand it if the notebooks were there.
But with nothing in there, how could one see through the peculiarity of this hokora?
I didn't think it could be discovered with the abilities of the average person.
Then again, she's nothing like a normal person.

[Taichi]
"Youko-chan...maybe she could......"

It did seem like she was investigating a lot right now.

[Taichi]
"Still,"

While entering the hokora, I thought.
Cramped.
Without folding up my arms and legs like a shape-changing robot, I couldn't win the invasion.
Who or what is that Nanaka girl anyway?

[Taichi]
"Hmmm."

I had virtually nothing to go on.
She seems cheerful, wears a different uniform, rides a bicycle, has long legs, tight haunches, a bust far beyond the average value of her tight clothing......

[Taichi]
"Ah! Unacceptable."

My volume increased.
If I increased this much, won't I become unable to enter the hokora!?
Or so I thought, but I managed to slide right in.

[Taichi]
......*sob* *sob* *sob*

I'd gotten in, but I couldn't move my body around much.
I was enveloped with the sensation of becoming a rectangular parallelepiped.
I tried closing the door.

[Taichi]
"Perfect."

What's perfect?
